README.md, before:

# 🎨 ULTIMATE MIND-MELTING TRIP 🌀

Welcome to the **Ultimate Mind-Melting Trip**! This interactive web experience is designed to mesmerize and engage users with trippy animations, color-changing visuals, and audio effects. It's built to take you on an infinite journey of fractal rotations, floating psychedelic shapes, and mind-bending effects.

## 🌟 Features
- 🌀 **Spinning 3D Container**: The background continuously rotates, giving you a sensation of 3D depth.
- 🌈 **Dynamic Color Animations**: Colors shift in real-time, adapting to mouse movements and screen activity.
- 🎨 **Custom Mouse Cursor**: A custom cursor follows your mouse with a particle trail effect.
- 🎶 **Audio Experience**: Toggle an ambient soundtrack to amplify the trip.
- 🔮 **Floating Psychedelic Shapes**: Unique floating shapes morph and dance around the screen.
- ✨ **Take the Trip**: Hit the "TAKE THE TRIP" button to intensify the visual experience.

## 🚀 Getting Started

### Prerequisites
To run the project locally, you will need:
- A modern web browser (Chrome, Firefox, Edge, etc.)
- Basic knowledge of HTML, CSS, and JavaScript

### Installation
1. Clone the repository:
    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/your-username/mind-melting-trip.git
    ```

2. Navigate to the project folder:
    ```bash
    cd mind-melting-trip
    ```

3. Open `index.html` in your favorite web browser.

### Controls
- **Click the "TAKE THE TRIP" button** to intensify the experience.
- **Move your mouse** to change colors and leave a particle trail.
- **Click the audio icon** 🔊 to play/pause the background music.

### Demo
You can also experience the **Ultimate Mind-Melting Trip** online by visiting [your-demo-link-here].

## 🛠️ Built With
- **HTML**: Structure of the web page.
- **CSS (Animations)**: Used for visual effects like background spins, color shifts, and shape morphing.
- **JavaScript**: Handles user interactions, audio control, and real-time visual updates.

## 🎉 Contributing
Check the [CONTRIBUTING.md](./CONTRIBUTING.md) to learn how to contribute to this project.

## 🛡️ Security
Refer to the [SECURITY.md](./SECURITY.md) for security-related guidelines.

## 📄 License
This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the LICENSE file for more information.

---

Enjoy your **trip**! 💫

Commit message:

Demo feature
Since the demo project had no link to hosted version of this website, the demo needed to be more practical.

README.md, after:

# 🎨 ULTIMATE MIND-MELTING TRIP 🌀

Welcome to the **Ultimate Mind-Melting Trip**! This interactive web experience is designed to mesmerize and engage users with trippy animations, color-changing visuals, and audio effects. It's built to take you on an infinite journey of fractal rotations, floating psychedelic shapes, and mind-bending effects.

## 🌟 Features
- 🌀 **Spinning 3D Container**: The background continuously rotates, giving you a sensation of 3D depth.
- 🌈 **Dynamic Color Animations**: Colors shift in real-time, adapting to mouse movements and screen activity.
- 🎨 **Custom Mouse Cursor**: A custom cursor follows your mouse with a particle trail effect.
- 🎶 **Audio Experience**: Toggle an ambient soundtrack to amplify the trip.
- 🔮 **Floating Psychedelic Shapes**: Unique floating shapes morph and dance around the screen.
- ✨ **Take the Trip**: Hit the "TAKE THE TRIP" button to intensify the visual experience.

## 🚀 Getting Started

### Prerequisites
To run the project locally, you will need:
- A modern web browser (Chrome, Firefox, Edge, etc.)
- Basic knowledge of HTML, CSS, and JavaScript

### Installation
1. Clone the repository:
    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/your-username/mind-melting-trip.git
    ```

2. Navigate to the project folder:
    ```bash
    cd mind-melting-trip
    ```

3. Open `index.html` in your favorite web browser.

### Controls
- **Click the "TAKE THE TRIP" button** to intensify the experience.
- **Move your mouse** to change colors and leave a particle trail.
- **Click the audio icon** 🔊 to play/pause the background music.

### Demo
The online demo of the **Ultimate Mind-Melting Trip** is coming soon! Stay tuned for updates.

## 🛠️ Built With
- **HTML**: Structure of the web page.
- **CSS (Animations)**: Used for visual effects like background spins, color shifts, and shape morphing.
- **JavaScript**: Handles user interactions, audio control, and real-time visual updates.

## 🎉 Contributing
Check the [CONTRIBUTING.md](./CONTRIBUTING.md) to learn how to contribute to this project.

## 🛡️ Security
Refer to the [SECURITY.md](./SECURITY.md) for security-related guidelines.

## 📄 License
This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the LICENSE file for more information.

---

Enjoy your **trip**! 💫
